killed-hat getötet
ate-hat gegessen
said-hat gesagt
bit-hat gebissen
passed-hat bestanden
loves-liebt
hates-hasst
teaches-lehrt
bought-hat gekauft
gets-bekommt
made-hat gemacht
paid-hat bezahlt
shows-zeigt
takes-nimmt
abuses-missbraucht
carries-trägt
kicked-hat gekickt
sent-hat gesendet
accepts-akzeptiert
acknowledges-erkennt an
admits-gibt zu
defines-definiert
describes-beschreibt
answers-beantwortet
destroys-zersört
asks-fragt
discovered-hat entdeckt
avoids-vermeidet
beats-schlägt
drags-schleppt
bends-biegt
blessed-hat gesegnet
broke-hat zerbrochen
brushes-bürstet
built-hat gebaut
enables-ermöglicht
cancelled-hat storniert
encourages-fördert
captured-hat erobert
executed-hat ausgeführt
caught-hat gefangen
changes-verändert
chases-jagt
finished-beendet
followed-hat befolgt
cleaned-hat gereinigt
collects-sammelt
forgot-hat vergessen
freezes-friert ein
converts-konvertiert
cracked-hat geknackt
furnished-hat eingerichtet
gathered-hat gesammelt
keeps-bewahrt auf
grabs-greift
grasps-begreift
kissed-hat geküsst
greased-hat eingefettet
handles-erledigt
heads-leitet
lead-leitet
highlighted-hat hervorgehoben
left-hat verlassen
limits-schränkt ein
links-verbindet
imitated-hat gefälscht
loaded-hat beladen
lowered-senkte
inserts-fügt ein
maintains-pflegt
inspects-untersucht
massages-massiert
interrupts-unterbricht
melts-schmilzt
munches-futtert
joined-trat bei
notices-bemerkt
judges-schätzt ein
orders-bestellt
swallowed-hat geschluckt
tasted-hat probiert
tightened-hat festgezogen
toasts-röstet
transformed-hat umgewandelt
possesses-besitzt
tweaked-hat modifiziert
prepared-hat vorbereitet
twisted-drehte
turned-drehte
protects-beschützt
tossed-warf
purchased-kaufte
tried-hat versucht
punched-hat geschlagen
understands-versteht
questions-hinterfragt
unlocks-entriegeln
quit-beendete
unloaded-hat ausgeladen
raised-erhöhte
uses-benutzt
untied-löste
recognised-hat erkannt
upgraded-aktualisierte
refilled-hat nachgefüllt
removed-entfernte
violated-verletzte
repels-wehrt ab
researches-erforscht
retarded-verzögerte
wants-will
runs-betreibt
washed-hat gewaschen
watched-beobachtete
selected-hat ausgewählt
widened-hat ausgeweitet
wears-trägt
smelled-roch
wins-gewinnt
soften-weicht auf
wiped-wischte ab
specified-gab an
spells-buchstabiert
wrapped-wickelte ein
wrecked-zerstörte
spreads-verbreitet