killed-hat getötet
ate-hat gegessen
said-hat gesagt
bit-hat gebissen
passed-hat bestanden
loved-hat geliebt
hated-hat gehasst
taught-hat gelehrt
bought-hat gekauft
made-hat gemacht
paid-hat bezahlt
showed-zeigte
took-hat genommen
abused-hat missbraucht
carried-trug
kicked-hat gekickt
sent-hat gesendet
accepted-akzeptierte
acknowledged-hat anerkannt
admitted-hat zugegeben
defined-hat definiert
described-hat beschrieben
answered-beantwortete
destroyed-zersörte
asked-fragte
discovered-hat entdeckt
avoided-vermeidet
beat-hat geschlagen
bent-hat gebogen
blessed-hat gesegnet
broke-hat zerbrochen
brushed-hat gebürstet
built-hat gebaut
enabled-ermöglichte
cancelled-hat storniert
encouraged-hat gefördert
captured-hat erobert
executed-hat ausgeführt
caught-hat gefangen
changed-verändert
chased-hat gejagt
finished-beendete
followed-hat befolgt
cleaned-hat gereinigt
collected-sammelte
forgot-hat vergessen
froze-hat eingefroren
converted-hat konvertiert
furnished-hat eingerichtet
gathered-hat gesammelt
grasped-hat begriffen
kissed-hat geküsst
lead-leitete
highlighted-hat hervorgehoben
left-hat verlassen
limited-hat eingeschränkt
linked-hat verbunden
loaded-hat beladen
lowered-senkte
inserted-hat eingefügt
inspected-untersuchte
interrupted-hat unterbrochen
melted-hat geschmolzen
noticed-bemerkte
judged-hat eingeschätzt
orderd-bestellte
swallowed-hat geschluckt
tasted-hat probiert
transformed-hat umgewandelt
tweaked-hat modifiziert
prepared-hat vorbereitet
twisted-drehte
turned-drehte
protected-hat beschützt
purchased-kaufte
tried-hat versucht
punched-hat geschlagen
understood-hat verstanden
questioned-hinterfragte
unlocked-hat entriegelt
quit-beendete
unloaded-hat ausgeladen
raised-erhöhte
used-benutzte
untied-löste
recognised-hat erkannt
removed-entfernte
violated-verletzte
researched-hat es recherchiert
wanted-wollte
washed-hat gewaschen
watched-beobachtete
selected-hat ausgewählt
wore-trug
smelled-roch
won-hat gewonnen
wiped-wischte ab
wrapped-hat eingewickelt
wrecked-zerstörte
spreaded-verbreitete